feat: remove bin bash dependency (#4)
hutte-io/hutte-vscode-extension: README.md

## Release Notes

### 1.1.0

> *Added compatibility with Salesforce Code Builder, Github Workspaces and Windows operative system, through the usage of the new `--org-name` flag in `sf hutte org authorize` command, which allows to remove the dependency from `bash` terminal in command execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Added compatibility with Salesforce Code Builder, GitHub Workspaces and the Windows operating system, through the usage of the new `--org-name` flag in `sf hutte org authorize` command, which allows to remove the `bash` dependency in command execution
```
